hey guys Miller here today from mark
supply 88 today we have for you a case
18:40 unil odor rubber tyred skid steer
loader this is a really nice clean
original machine it is original paint
machine showing 2080 four hours it's
still a very nice tight machine it's all
hand controls is powered by a 4 B
Cummins 4-cylinder diesel engine that
starts and runs very good with no smoke
purpose this video today is to give you
a quick 360 degree view of this machine
start run the machine and shade it
actually does everything we say it does
this time we're going and walk around
the machine we're going to show you the
engine back you can see it here this
like I said is powered by a Cummins 4b
4-cylinder diesel engine the machines in
our shop has been serviced with all-new
filters and fluids machine doesn't
appear to have any leaks or cylinder
issues or anything like that we have
fine
engine starts easy machines not all
busted and welded and cobbled together
in any way it is a really nice clean
original old machine you can see back
here as like I said the paint's original
the fenders are still very nice and
straight the cab itself the nice shape
there and a little didn't air in the
front it has four like new tires on it
the tires are very very nice condition
you can see it does have your standard 2
pin click attached and it's all free and
works good all says auxilary hydraulics
for running an attachment such as a post
hole auger or backhoe attachment
something of that nature you can see it
does have a 66 inch high-capacity bucket
someone has put a little riser plate on
here to hold more material in the bucket
like I said he's a nice condition you
can see inside here it does have a brand
new seat in it it does have two lot
bars that fold down and the parking
brake works off of those - is up here
and everything light something it works
good also all the headlights and rear
light works this time we're gonna head
and start the machine you're on it
around here for it
all right this is our case 1840 rope
retired skid steer lighter this little
machine handles like a dream the hand
controls are nice and tight it's still
real nice and tighten the pins and
bushings whoever had it really took good
care of this little machine we had it
through the shop like I said in service
didn't run the grease gun around it
every greaser took grease it's just a
really nice little clean machine you're
looking for something around two home or
farm it's perfect there do you heck of a
good job if you have any questions on
this machine or need a freight quote
don't hesitate to give us a call we glad
to help in any way just call eight one
four six five eight three zero six six
ask for marker Nick thanks for checking
out mark supply 88 and happy van